Update development instructions for local development (#1204)
istio/ztunnel: Development.md

* `FAKE_CA="true"`: this will use self-signed fake certificates, eliminating a dependency on a CA
* `XDS_ADDRESS=""`: disables XDS client completely
* `LOCAL_XDS_PATH=./examples/localhost.yaml`: read XDS config from a file.
* `CARGO_TARGET_X86_64_UNKNOWN_LINUX_GNU_RUNNER="sudo -E"`: have cargo run as sudo

> * `PROXY_MODE=dedicated`: Dedicated mode is better for local development as it works for 95% of cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `PROXY_MODE=dedicated`: Dedicated mode is the single-tenant proxy mode and is strongly recommended for local development, as it works for 95% of cases and doesn't require manually constructing Linux network namespaces to use.
```

> Together, the following command (with `--no-default-features` if you have FIPS disabled) can be used to run entirely locally, without a Kubernetes or Istiod dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following command (with `--no-default-features` if you have FIPS disabled) can be used to run entirely locally, without a Kubernetes or Istiod dependency.
```
